# InCollege Project — Week 3 Deliverable: Log In, Part 1

This is a **console-based COBOL application** that simulates the InCollege platform.  
It supports:

- **Account creation** (with password validation and a maximum of 5 accounts).  
- **Login** with unlimited attempts.  
- **Initial navigation** options:
  - Search for a Job (under construction)  
  - Find Someone You Know (under construction)  
  - Learn a New Skill (lists 5 skills, all under construction).  
- The program will terminate if the user selects:
  - Any of the **5 skills**,  
  - **Job Search**, or  
  - **Find Someone They Know**.  

For testing:  
- Copy the specific case you want to run (without comments) from `InCollege-Test.txt`.  
- Paste it into `InCollege-Input.txt` before execution.  
- For Testing each case from the InCollege-test, please copy the case , excluding the comment, and paste into a InCollege-Input.txt.
- The Output files will be store inside a Keep-Output.txt
- The InCollege-Output.txt is for output generated by running the program with all the cases from the Test Input 

---

## ⚙️ How to Compile and Run

From the `src/InCollege.cob` file, Press Ctrl Shift B, then open the terminal.
For  running the program : ./bin/InCollege


## ⚙️Preparing Input Files

Inputs are read line-by-line from a InCollege-Input.txt file
Each line represents what a user would normally type at the console:

Menu selections (1, 2 ), ( 1 for Login, 2 for Creating an account)
Usernames, ( enter a username)
Passwords. (enterpasswords)
Post Login Menu (1 , 2, 3) ( 1 for search for a job, 2 for find someone that they know, or  3 learn a new skill.)
Skill menu ( If selected 3, the skill menu pop up : 1 to 5 is skills, 6 is for return to the post login menu).


Example Input: 
- 2 
- alice
- Abcdef1!
- 3 
- 2
- 6
- 1



